Integration tile for TaskCall (#2049)
DataDog/integrations-extras: taskcall/README.md

## Key Features

- Correct on-call responders are notified as soon as an alert is received from Datadog.
- Repeating alerts are automatically silenced to avoid interrupting the on-call responders when they are already looking at the incident.
- The integration is bi-directional. Status and priority are synced up between Datadog and TaskCall.
- Incidents are automatically resolved in TaskCall when alert conditions are no longer present.
- This integration is available on all TaskCall subscription plans.

## Setup

The integration needs to be configured from both TaskCall and Datadog.

### Install TaskCall App in Datadog

1. [Create a TaskCall account][1] if you do not already have one.

> 2. **In Datadog**: Go to the **Integrations** page. Search for **TaskCall**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. **In Datadog**: Navigate to the [TaskCall integration tile][6].
```

> 3. Once you find the TaskCall integration tile, click on it. Then go to the **Configure** tab and click **Connect Accounts**. You will be redirected to TaskCall.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. On the TaskCall integration tile, go to the **Configure** tab and click **Connect Accounts**. You will be redirected to TaskCall.
```

4. **In TaskCall**: Give the integration a **name** and select the **service** you want the integration to be on.

![TaskCall Authorization][5]

> 5. Click **Integrate**. You will be redirected to Datadog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Click **Integrate**. You will be redirected to a Datadog authorization page.
```

> 6. **In Datadog**: You must authorize the integration. (Please make sure you have the correct permissions to authorize the integration)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Authorize the integration, ensuring that you have the correct permissions to do so.
```

7. Once you authorize the integration you will be redirected to TaskCall.
8. **In TaskCall**: Copy the **Integration Url** that is issued for the integration. You will need this to set up the webhook in Datadog.

### Create Webhook in Datadog

> 1. Go to Integrations > Integrations.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Go to [**Integrations** > **Integrations**][7].
```

         "id": "$ALERT_ID",
         "metric": "$ALERT_METRIC",
         "scope": "$ALERT_SCOPE",
         "status": "$ALERT_STATUS",
         "title": "$ALERT_TITLE",
         "transition": "$ALERT_TRANSITION",
         "type": "$ALERT_TYPE",
         "query": "$ALERT_QUERY"
     },
     "user": "$USER",
     "username": "$USERNAME",
     "priority": "$PRIORITY",
     "text_msg": "$TEXT_ONLY_MSG",
     "snapshot": "$SNAPSHOT",
     "link": "$LINK",
     "hostname": "$HOSTNAME",
     "incident_uuid": "$INCIDENT_UUID",
     "incident_public_id": "$INCIDENT_PUBLIC_ID",
     "incident_title": "$INCIDENT_TITLE",
     "incident_url": "$INCIDENT_URL",
     "incident_msg": "$INCIDENT_MSG",
     "incident_severity": "$INCIDENT_SEVERITY",
     "security_rule_id": "$SECURITY_RULE_ID",
     "security_rule_name": "$SECURITY_RULE_NAME",
     "security_signal_severity": "$SECURITY_SIGNAL_SEVERITY",
     "security_signal_title": "$SECURITY_SIGNAL_TITLE",
     "security_signal_msg": "$SECURITY_SIGNAL_MSG",
     "security_rule_query": "$SECURITY_RULE_QUERY",
     "security_rule_type": "$SECURITY_RULE_TYPE",
     "tags": "$TAGS"
}
```
6. Once the details have been entered, click Save.

> Please refer to the [TaskCall Datadog Integration Guide][3] for more information.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For more information, see the [TaskCall Datadog Integration Guide][3].
```

## Uninstallation

- In TaskCall, delete the integration from Services > Integrations.

> - In Datadog, find the TaskCall integration tile on the Integrations page and uninstall it. You must also delete the webhook you created to send notifications to TaskCall.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Navigate to the [TaskCall integration tile][6] in Datadog and uninstall it. You must also delete the webhook you created to send notifications to TaskCall.
```

- Once this integration has been uninstalled, any previous authorizations are revoked.

> - Additionally, ensure that all API keys associated with this integration have been disabled by searching for the integration name on the API Keys page.

Reviewer: Since this integration does not create API keys, we can remove this line. 
```suggestion
```

## Support

[Contact TaskCall support][4] for any questions regarding the integration or the platform.

[1]: https://app.us.taskcallapp.com/register
[2]: https://docs.taskcallapp.com/integrations/v1/datadog-integration-guide#in-datadog
[3]: https://docs.taskcallapp.com/integrations/v1/datadog-integration-guide
[4]: https://www.taskcallapp.com/contact-us
[5]: https://taskcallapp.com/images/vendors/datadog/DatadogTaskCallAuthorization.png

> [6]: https://app.datadoghq.com/integrations/taskcall

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[6]: https://app.datadoghq.com/integrations/taskcall
[7]: https://app.datadoghq.com/integrations
```

> [5]: https://taskcallapp.com/images/vendors/datadog/DatadogTaskCallAuthorization.png

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[5]: https://taskcallapp.com/images/vendors/datadog/DatadogTaskCallAuthorization.png
[6]: https://app.datadoghq.com/integrations/taskcall
```

     "snapshot": "$SNAPSHOT",
     "link": "$LINK",
     "hostname": "$HOSTNAME",
     "incident_uuid": "$INCIDENT_UUID",
     "incident_public_id": "$INCIDENT_PUBLIC_ID",
     "incident_title": "$INCIDENT_TITLE",
     "incident_url": "$INCIDENT_URL",
     "incident_msg": "$INCIDENT_MSG",
     "incident_severity": "$INCIDENT_SEVERITY",
     "security_rule_id": "$SECURITY_RULE_ID",
     "security_rule_name": "$SECURITY_RULE_NAME",
     "security_signal_severity": "$SECURITY_SIGNAL_SEVERITY",
     "security_signal_title": "$SECURITY_SIGNAL_TITLE",
     "security_signal_msg": "$SECURITY_SIGNAL_MSG",
     "security_rule_query": "$SECURITY_RULE_QUERY",
     "security_rule_type": "$SECURITY_RULE_TYPE",
     "tags": "$TAGS"
}
```
6. Once the details have been entered, click Save.

For more information, see the [TaskCall Datadog Integration Guide][3].

## Uninstallation

- In TaskCall, delete the integration from Services > Integrations.
- Navigate to the [TaskCall integration tile][6] in Datadog and uninstall it. You must also delete the webhook you created to send notifications to TaskCall.
- Once this integration has been uninstalled, any previous authorizations are revoked.

> 
> 
> ## Support
> 
> [Contact TaskCall support][4] for any questions regarding the integration or the platform.
> 
> 
> [1]: https://app.us.taskcallapp.com/register
> [2]: https://docs.taskcallapp.com/integrations/v1/datadog-integration-guide#in-datadog
> [3]: https://docs.taskcallapp.com/integrations/v1/datadog-integration-guide
> [4]: https://www.taskcallapp.com/contact-us
> [5]: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DataDog/integrations-extras/master/taskcall/images/DatadogTaskCallAuthorization.png
> [6]: https://app.datadoghq.com/integrations/taskcall
> [7]: https://app.datadoghq.com/integrations

Reviewer 3: Looks like this instruction was accidentally removed (I also added the link to the api keys page).

```suggestion
- Additionally, ensure that all API keys associated with this integration have been disabled by searching for the integration name on the [API Keys page][8].

## Support

[Contact TaskCall support][4] for any questions regarding the integration or the platform.

[1]: https://app.us.taskcallapp.com/register
[2]: https://docs.taskcallapp.com/integrations/v1/datadog-integration-guide#in-datadog
[3]: https://docs.taskcallapp.com/integrations/v1/datadog-integration-guide
[4]: https://www.taskcallapp.com/contact-us
[5]: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DataDog/integrations-extras/master/taskcall/images/DatadogTaskCallAuthorization.png
[6]: https://app.datadoghq.com/integrations/taskcall
[7]: https://app.datadoghq.com/integrations
[8]: https://app.datadoghq.com/organization-settings/api-keys?filter=TaskCall
```

Author: We were asked to remove this line by @anawishnoff since we are not using any API keys.

Reviewer 3: Oh, got it. Sorry, I didn't realize you weren't using that scope. Thanks for clarifying :) 

I'll go approve!

# TaskCall

## Overview

TaskCall is a real-time incident response system that reduces system downtime by automating the response process. It continuously accepts feeds from monitoring tools to provide a comprehensive view of your system. It uses its on-call management and incident response mechanisms to assemble the right team and resolve incidents in the fastest possible time.

> TaskCall’s integration allows Datadog clients to bolster their operations by improving their incident awareness and simplifying the process in which they are handled. Incidents sync up bi-directionally between the two platforms. Once Datadog alerts are received in TaskCall, clients will be able to systematically manage all incidents without being interrupted. Clients will also benefit from improved impact visibility from dependency graphs and status dashboards. With better understanding of the state of your overall infrastructure efficient resolutions can be achieved.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TaskCall’s integration allows Datadog users to bolster their operations by improving their incident awareness and simplifying the process in which they are handled. Incidents sync up bi-directionally between the two platforms. Once Datadog alerts are received in TaskCall, users will be able to systematically manage all incidents without being interrupted. Users will also benefit from improved impact visibility from dependency graphs and status dashboards. With better understanding of the state of your overall infrastructure efficient resolutions can be achieved.
```

## Key Features

- Correct on-call responders are notified as soon as an alert is received from Datadog.
- Repeating alerts are automatically silenced to avoid interrupting the on-call responders when they are already looking at the incident.
- The integration is bi-directional. Status and priority are synced up between Datadog and TaskCall.

> - Incident automatically resolves in TaskCall when alert conditions are not present anymore.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Incidents are automatically resolved in TaskCall when alert conditions are no longer present.
```

- The integration is available on all TaskCall subscription plans.

## Setup

> The integration needs to be configured from both TaskCall and Datadog. Please follow the [TaskCall Datadog Integration Guide][1] to set it up.

Reviewer: Please add the instructions directly in this file, rather than linking to an external page. Additionally, please add an Uninstallation section as described [here](https://docs.datadoghq.com/developers/integrations/oauth_for_integrations/#publish-the-oauth-client).

## Support

> [Create a TaskCall account][2] if you do not already have one.

Reviewer: This should be moved to Setup as a prerequisite

TaskCall's integration allows Datadog users to bolster their operations by improving their incident awareness and simplifying the process in which they are handled. Incidents sync up bi-directionally between the two platforms. Once Datadog alerts are received in TaskCall, users will be able to systematically manage all incidents without being interrupted. Users will also benefit from improved impact visibility from dependency graphs and status dashboards. With better understanding of the state of your overall infrastructure efficient resolutions can be achieved.

## Key Features

- Correct on-call responders are notified as soon as an alert is received from Datadog.
- Repeating alerts are automatically silenced to avoid interrupting the on-call responders when they are already looking at the incident.
- The integration is bi-directional. Status and priority are synced up between Datadog and TaskCall.
- Incidents are automatically resolved in TaskCall when alert conditions are no longer present.
- The integration is available on all TaskCall subscription plans.

## Setup

The integration needs to be configured from both TaskCall and Datadog.

### In TaskCall

> 

Reviewer: Please include a step for navigating to the Integration tile, going to the configure tab, and clicking Connect Accounts to kick off the OAuth flow.

1. [Create a TaskCall account][1] if you do not already have one.
2. Go to Configurations > Services . Select the service you want to integrate with.
3. Once you are on the Service details page, go to the Integrations tab. Click on New Integration.
4. Give the integration a name.
5. From the integration types, select the top radio button indicating that you are trying to use a built-in integration.
6. From the list of built-in integrations, select Datadog.
7. Click Save. You will be directed to Datadog to authorize the integration.

### In Datadog

1. Go to Integrations > Integrations.
2. Find Webhooks and click on it.
3. Click on the New Webhook button.
4. Give it a name and paste the Integration Url you copied over from TaskCall.
5. Copy the [JSON payload][2] from the TaskCall Datadog Integration Guide and paste it in the Payload section.
6. Once the details have been entered, click Save.

Please refer to the [TaskCall Datadog Integration Guide][3] for more information.

> ### Uninstallation

Reviewer 3: Ah, this actually has to be an h2 or else it won't render correctly in the tile
```suggestion
## Uninstallation
```

- In TaskCall, delete the integration from Services > Integrations.
- In Datadog, delete the webhook you created.

> - Once this integration has been uninstalled, any previous authorizations are revoked.

Reviewer: Please add a step that the user should navigate to the Datadog tile and click uninstall
